check out this week's must-see me you
understand that you were charged with
operating an illegal gambling business
in Molly's game a former competitive
athlete runs an exclusive high-class
poker game which makes her an FBI target
that's gonna make noise when I was a boy
I started to hide things and the linings
of the garments in Phantom thread
romance disrupt say Fame dressmakers
life stop playing this game what
precisely is the nature of my game
bankrupt better luck with your next job
inspired by the life of PT Barnum the
greatest showman celebrates nothing less
than the birth of modern show business
no one ever made a difference by being
like everyone else see what's hot in
theaters with this week's fan tissa
patient
so what's your weekend ticket going to
be let us know by commenting see you
next time on weekend ticket
[Music]